I believe everybody should go to grad school if they are absolutely driven
by what they've done in their undergraduate work and can't wait
to learn more about it and can't wait to learn how to apply it better
a lot of graduate work is based on kind of professionalization that
is you learned about science there now will teach you how to use
it in a way that makes sense some of it is just advancing the knowledge
you learned about a subject esoteric subjects like philosophy now
we want to teach you higher and higher levels of abstraction so that
you can teach other people about what's so their number reasons to
go to grad school a reason I don't think you should go to grad school
is just to make more money because I always find that making more
money you see poor thing did base your life I think it's much better
to base your life on doing something is going to be personally rewarding
to you at the end of your